Proposed changes to ASP.NET Core breaking changes (#3)
Rick-Anderson/Report: CopyOfBreakingChange.md

[Brief description of the change]

### Preview Version

> [Preview Version in which the breaking change first occurred (for example, 6.xx)]

Reviewer: We don't need a new section. We just need to add the preview version to the next section, Version introduced.

### Version introduced

> [Version in which the breaking change first occurred (for example, 3.0 for ASP.NET Core 3.0)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Version in which the breaking change first occurred, including the preview number if applicable (for example, ASP.NET Core 6 Preview 6)]
```
